makefiles/tools: enhance miniterm path finding in serial.inc.mk (#22208)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: doc/guides/misc/terminal_config.md

- Via RIOT build system:
    - `RIOT_TERMINAL=miniterm make term`

:::note
You can install miniterm by installing `pyserial`. The preferred method
for most Linux distributions is to install `python3-serial` with your

> package manager. If that is not possible or desired, you can alsoinstall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
package manager. If that is not possible or desired, you can also install
```

> `pyserial` with `pip`.

Reviewer 2: pip should probably be avoided for most distributions 
-> pipx

Author: True, I always forget that 😅
